
Multilayer Data Security System

A two-factor data security protection mechanism with factor revocability for cloud storage system.Our system allows a sender to send an encrypted
 message to a receiver through a cloud storage server. The sender only needs to know the Identity of the receiver but no other information
 (such as its public key or its certificate). The receiver needs to possess two things in order to decrypt the ciphertext. 
The first thing is his/her secret key stored in the computer. The second thing is a unique personal security device which connects to the computer. 
It is impossible to decrypt the ciphertext without either piece. More importantly, once the security device is stolen or lost, this device is revoked.
 It cannot be used to decrypt any ciphertext. This can be done by the cloud server which will immediately execute some algorithms to change the existing 
ciphertext to be un-decryptable by this device. This process is completely transparent to the sender. Furthermore, the cloud server 
cannot decrypt any ciphertext at any time. The security and efficiency analysis show that our system is not only secure but also practical.

Cloud storage is a model of networked storage system where data is stored in pools of storage which are generally hosted by third parties. 
There are many benefits to use cloud storage The most notable is data accessibility. Data stored in the cloud can be accessed at any time 
from any place as long as there is network access. Storage maintenance tasks, such as purchasin additional storage capacity, can be offloaded 
to the responsibility of a service provider. Anoth advantage of cloud storage is data sharing between users. 
If Alice wants to share a piece of da (e.g. a video) to Bob, it may be difficult for her to send it by email due to the size of da Instead, Alice 
uploads the file to a cloud storage system so that Bob can download it at anytim Despite its advantages, outsourcing data storage also increases the 
attack surface area at the sam time. For example, when data is distributed, the more locations it is stored the higher risk contains for unauthorized physical
 access to the data. By sharing storage and networks w many other users it is also possible for other unauthorized users to access your data.

